docs: added info about modern and legacy timers (#12317)
facebook/jest: website/versioned_docs/version-26.x/TimerMocks.md

All of the following functions need fake timers to be set, either by `jest.useFakeTimers()` or via `"timers": "fake"` in the config file.

> Currently, two implementations of the fake timers are present - `modern` and `legacy`, where `legacy` is still the default one. You can read how to enable `legacy` implementation [here](/blog/2020/05/05/jest-26#new-fake-timers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, two implementations of the fake timers are included - `modern` and `legacy`, where `legacy` is still the default one.  See [configuration](Configuration.md#timers-string) for how to configure it.
```
